= Changes log for the UCF Ruby Gem

== Version 2.0.1

* Update zip-container dependency to fix rubyzip security vulnerability.

== Version 2.0.0

* Add ruby 2.2.0 to the Travis test matrix.
* Update examples and tests to use the latest API.
* Add some usage information to the ReadMe.
* Update to version 3.0.1 of zip-container.

== Version 1.1.0

* Tidy up gemspec and update dependency versions.
* Add test-unit to the deps so we can test in ruby 2.2.
* Setup gem caching for Travis.
* Test using ruby 2.1.5 in Travis.
* Disambiguate the create and read test names.
* Update zip-container dependency to 2.2.
* Add the UCF::Dir class to create exploded containers.

== Version 1.0.0

* Rename UCF::Container to UCF::File.
* Use released zip-container 2.0 gem.
* Remove UCF::Container compatibility.

== Version 0.7.0

* Update to be able to use the newer zip-container gem.
* Add ability to use a custom mimetype.
* Verify META-INF/container.xml against its schema.
* Verify META-INF/manifest.xml against its schema.
* Add META-INF content to the example ucf file.

== Version 0.6.0

* Move to use version 0.9.0 of the zip-container library.
* Update and polish the example scripts.

== Version 0.5.0

* Add support for managed entries in the container.
* Verify and "optional" functionality for ManagedEntry.
* Use reserved and managed entry mixins for managed directories.
* Better initialization of managed entry support.
* Fix creation of subclassed Container objects.
* Add extra tests for managed entries.
* Make file validation more flexible.
* Fix the source of failing validation messages.

== Version 0.1.0

* Improvements to the reserved names code to allow sub-classing.
* Move exceptions to a new source file.
* Use a base class for UCF exceptions.
* Standardize the MalformedUCFError exception messages.
* Add an exception for clashes with reserved names.
* Implement Container#add to avoid using reserved names.
* Raise an exception if renaming to a reserved name.
* Implement Container#mkdir to avoid using reserved names.
* Make sure testing reserved names copes with trailing slashes.
* Fake up the connection to ZipFileSystem.
* Implement Container#get_output_stream to respect reserved names.
* Can now set comments on the UCF document.
* Implement the close and commit methods.
* Forward the commit_required? method.
* Separate the opening and checking of a UCF document.
* Documentation improvements and cleanup.

== Version 0.0.2

* Update the main ReadMe file.
* Add support for multiple reserved names and fix checks.
* Ensure UCF document is closed after verifying it.
* Expose the "each" method for enumerating UCF entries.
* Expose the "size" method to count UCF entries.
* Add an example program to list UCF contents.
* Add a method to directly iterate over UCF entries.

== Version 0.0.1

* Very basic UCF facilities complete (plus examples).
* Two ways of verifying UCF files.
* API documentation added.
* Add tests.

== About this Changes file

This file is, at least in part, generated by the following command:

 $ git log --pretty=format:"* %s" --reverse --no-merges <commit-hash>..
