= Universal Container Format (UCF) Ruby Library

Authors::     Robert Haines
Contact::     mailto:support@mygrid.org.uk
Homepage::    http://mygrid.github.io/ruby-ucf
Source code:: https://github.com/myGrid/ruby-ucf
Licence::     BSD (See Licence file or http://www.opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php)
Copyright::   (c) 2013 The University of Manchester, UK


== Synopsis

This is a Ruby library for working with UCF documents. See
{the specification}[https://learn.adobe.com/wiki/display/PDFNAV/Universal+Container+Format]
for more details.

<b>This library is a work in progress!</b> Until we release version 1.0.0 you
can expect the API to change in incompatible ways, although we will try to
keep this to an absolute minimum. Once version 1.0.0 is released we will be
following the principles of {Semantic Versioning}[http://semver.org/] for our
version numbering scheme.

There are some examples of how to use the library provided in the examples
directory. See the contents of the tests directory for even more.

== What this library can not do yet

The basic requirements of a UCF document are all implemented but there are a
number of optional features that are not yet provided.

* In memory operation. Presently all operations are performed on documents
  that are resident on disk.
* META-INF directory support. Everything within the META-INF directory is
  optional but will supported in a near future version.
* Changing the mimetype. It is not certain that this is a sensible operation
  but is being considered for a future version.
* Digital signatures (this feature has been deferred until a future revision
  of the UCF specification. It will be supported by this gem when it is added
  to the specification).
* Encryption (this feature has been deferred until a future revision of the
  UCF specification. It will be supported by this gem when it is added to the
  specification).
